[guides] add guide for Updates QA (#12435)
expo/expo: guides/releasing/Updates QA.md

# Updates QA

## Expo Go (iOS and Android)

> - Publish an app with the new SDK version and `fallbackToCacheTimeout: 0`. Open it in Expo Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish a classic update with the new SDK version and `fallbackToCacheTimeout: 0`. Open it in Expo Go.
```

- Publish an update with changes to the UI and manifest (splash background color is easy).
- Close and restart Expo Go. Open the project again, should see the changes to the splash screen and app UI right away (ignoring `fallbackToCacheTimeout`).

> - Turn wifi off, close and restart Expo Go, open the same project; should see the most recent update along with the "cached update" alert.

Reviewer: Should this say to turn off all network access or just Wi-Fi?

Author: good point -- revised all these to say "disable / reenable network access"

- Add `developmentClient: { silentLaunch: true }` to app.json and publish a new update.
- Close and restart Expo Go, open the project again. The "New update available, downloading" bar should NOT show on the splash screen this time.
- Make a change to the UI and manifest, publish to the `staging` release channel.
- Open the app from the `staging` channel in Expo Go; ensure you see the correct splash screen & UI. Try switching back and forth between the channels.
- Try loading an older project with an unsupported SDK version; should see a helpful error message about SDK versions.
- Add some buttons to your UI that test the `Updates` module methods and publish a new update.
- Test `checkForUpdateAsync`, `fetchUpdateAsync`, and `reloadAsync`; publish another new update and use these methods to download the update and reload with it.

> - If any changes were made to the ABIXX updates files, test the module methods in all supported SDK versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If any changes were made to the ABIXX `expo-updates` files, test the module methods in all supported SDK versions.
```

- Re-enable updates, make a change to the UI, publish to the `staging` release channel, and make a build pointing to that channel; uninstall and reinstall.
- Ensure the build has the correct update embedded, then publish a new update to the `staging` channel, and ensure you get the update.
- Publish a new update with `enabled: true`, `fallbackToCacheTimeout: 0`, and `checkAutomatically: 'ON_LAUNCH'`. Make a new build and do the following:
  - Uninstall the old build
  - Turn off wifi on your emulator/device.
  - Install and launch the new build, ensure the embedded update loads immediately.
  - Turn wifi back on.
  - Publish a new update.
  - Relaunch, see the embedded update (new update should be downloading in the background).
  - Close app after a few seconds and turn wifi off.
  - Relaunch, see new update.
- Publish another new update and make a new build. This time, **don't uninstall** the old app -- install the new build on top of the old one.

> - Make sure wifi is still off, and then launch the app; you should see the newest (embedded) update immediately. Turn on wifi and relaunch teh app a couple more times to ensure the new update persists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure wifi is still off, and then launch the app; you should see the newest (embedded) update immediately. Turn on wifi and relaunch the app a couple more times to ensure the new update persists.
```
